c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.deps.json
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.pdb
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\myWebTest.dll
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.pdb
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\myWebTest.dll
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebApp01\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebApp01\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebApp01\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebApp01\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebApp01\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebApp01\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebApp01\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.dll
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebApp01\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\myWebTest.dll
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebApp01\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.pdb
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebAppSln\myWebTest\bin\Debug\net7.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebAppSln\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebAppSln\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebAppSln\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebAppSln\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebAppSln\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebAppSln\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.dll
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebAppSln\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\myWebTest.dll
C:\Users\vnguyen233\Downloads\DXC\Learn\AZ-400 Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions\Learn AZ-400\Module_2-Source_Control\myWebAppSln\myWebTest\obj\Debug\net7.0\myWebTest.pdb
